---
title: home gym
layout: post
categories: <lifting> <home>
---

With COVID-19 raging for the past year, going to a crowded public space full of people exhaling and sweating profusely has been a very bad idea^tm. At first, when this all seemed like it would go on for a month or two, we were content to have a few loaner kettlebells from our gym. But, as it dragged on, it became clear to me, and a whole lot of others, that building out a home gym was the way forward. Though more expensive than I would have liked due to high demand, the home gym is more or less complete for now, and I could not be happier with it. It's been beyond positive for my mental and physical health. My inner enthusiast loves the search for the best equipment and learning the nuances that I never cared about before. I'd highly recommend it if it is feasible. Oh, and you can jam to whatever music you want, from metal to Australian hip hop to anime soundtracks.

At the moment, the gym consists of a Rogue SML-3WC fold back wall mounted rack in burnt orange (of course) with safety spotter arms, horse stall mat flooring, a black and clear zinc Rogue Ohio bar, a set of Echo 2.0 bumper plates totaling 430lbs, some Ironmaster change plates, 53lb, 30lb, and 13lb Rogue e-coat kettlebells, Amazon Basics rubber hex dumbells in 30, 25, and 10lb pairs, resistance bands, jump rope, Kabuki ShoulderRok, a foam roller, and a Kabuki Baby Boomer. Once we find our home, it'll be exciting to set it all up again and probably expand it. A power bar would be a nice addition to the gym, as would an upgrade on the Ohio for floor and olympic work, but all in due time.

Been running the LSUS weightlifting program, in the third week of it now, and seeing really encouraging results so far. It's sometimes hard for me to gauge what my maxes should be because at one point they were much higher than they are now and mentally I have not fully adjusted for that. Add that to the ~6 months not lifting at all during the pandemic and well, plenty of uncertainty. More so now than ever before I'm conscious of my overall well being, body function, mobility, and long term health. Extra care required to keep things running smoothly, not carry nagging injuries that turn into problems later in life. It's not always about bigger numbers, but about health, function, and mental clarity.
  

Light weight!
